#summary How to quickly start using PandaPy.
#labels Featured

= Pandanet IGS account =

If you do not have an IGS account, then create one at
http://www.pandanet.co.jp/English/register/index.htm .

http://www.playgo.to/interactive/ will introduce you
to the wonderful game of Go/Igo/Baduk/Weiqi.

= Phone requirements =

You can use PandaPy on a mobile phone which uses either
of Symbian S60v1 (script), S60v2 (script) or S60v3 (script or install).

Currently the supported resolution is 240x320. If you would like the
application to be modified for a different resolution, please create
a request under Issues.

= Usage options =

 # Either run the [http://pandapy.googlecode.com/files/PandaPy_v1_1_0.py PandaPy_v1_1_0.py] script from the Python Script Shell,
 # or run the installation of PandaPy (to be installed on C:\), that is [http://pandapy.googlecode.com/files/PandaPy_v1_1_0_S60v3.sis PandaPy_v1_1_0_S60v3.sis].

= <font color="green">Installation instructions</font> =

 # <font color="green">Install Python for S60 v1.4.5 and Python Script Shell for your specific phone OS type, which is to be found at http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=154155&package_id=171153&release_id=644640 </font>
 # <font color="green">Ensure that there is a C:\Python\ directory on your phone filesystem.</font>
 # <font color="green">Either copy the [http://pandapy.googlecode.com/files/PandaPy_v1_1_0.py PandaPy_v1_1_0.py] script to your phone C:\Python\ directory,</font>
 # <font color="green">or install the [http://pandapy.googlecode.com/files/PandaPy_v1_1_0_S60v3.sis PandaPy_v1_1_0_S60v3.sis] file (currently only available for S60v3) in the device C:\ directory. You may need to sign the application first.</font>

= <font color="red">Extra Features? Bugs? Is it working?</font> =
<font color="red"> What mobile device are you using? Is there a recommendation or request you want to make? Is there a bug that you want fixed? If so please add it to the [http://0-code.google.com.innopac.up.ac.za/p/pandapy/issues/list Issues page]. Please note that this application was developed on a Nokia N82, so I can make GUI modifications if your phone happens to have a resolution different than 240x320.</font>

= Usage instructions =

 # Once you started the script or application, choose your *default access point* (GPRS/3G/Wifi) in the form that will be shown first.
 # Enter your IGS *username* and *password* in the second form shown, or just login as a guest with no password. If you are logged in as a guest, you cannot play games, but you can observe.
 # *Observe* a game by specifying the player strength range, e.g. 20k-7k, 6k-15k, 8k-3d, 2d-1k, 9d-1p, 10d-9p, 20k-8p etc.
 # *Play* a game either by Play->Automatch, Play->Match or Play->User. It is suggested that the Automatch option be used, since it sets the correct handicap and komi for the game.
  # Use Play->*Automatch* if you want automatic game requests sent to the player strength range (with an 'o' at the end to specify users that are open for games), e.g. 16k-14k o, 2k-2d o, 5k o, 9k-10k o, 3d-6d o etc. The 'Size' parameter in the shown form is 19. The 'Main time' parameter is the amount of time each player has (in minutes) before the Canadian byo-yomi starts, e.g. 10, 11, 15, 20 etc. The 'Byo time' is the amount of time each player has for a default of 25 stones to be played, e.g. 10, 12, 13, 30 etc. The 'Stones' parameter changes the default of 25 stones to any amount of stones you specify for a byo-yomi period, e.g. 10, 15, 20, 25 etc.
  # Use Play->*Match* if you want to choose from a list of potential opponents to whom game requests will be sent. You also have to specify the player strength range as for the Play->Automatch option.
  # Use Play->*User* option if you want to send a game request to a specific user.
  # In most cases if the last user to be sent a game request accepts to play with you, the game will be opened automatically. Otherwise you will *receive a game request* from one of the players you challenged, which you can then accept or decline.
 # The Settings->*Speech On* option states that the speech is currently on, if it is selected and entered, the speech will change to Off.
 # The Settings->*Singlegame* parameter specifies whether you can only play one game or multiple games.
 # Settings->*Open* sets you open for game requests, or sets open off if you do not want to receive game requests.
 # Check *Help* if you want to see a quick *key assignment* reference.

----

If you have an issue or feature you want to request or check the status of, please go to the [http://0-code.google.com.innopac.up.ac.za/p/pandapy/issues/list Issues] page.